OOP

Any code that you want to store in a file must have .java extension.
Class name must be the same as a file name.
PIC- Package, Import, Class order in class.
We can have at most One package decleration (0-1)
We can have 0 to unlimitied imports in our class
We can have only 1 "public class" in our class/java file.
The class attributes/behaviors are: methods, variables. We should first define/declare our data type before giving variable name(meaninful name) 
f.ex: long distance=10000 
--> value is 10000, we initialized/assigned variable by giving a value.

Curly braces define the scope.

30 reserved keywords in java.

so main is a method

2 variable types:
  -instance variable (declared/initialized on a class level)
  -local variable (declared/initialized inside of a method)

Local variables are only available inside of specific method(where the varibales was declared)

Class level 
Method level

so just to clarify for myself inside of main method it is used to run the features that are need to be run in order to.

Variables naming:
Starts with lowercase and follow camelCase if more than 1 word
No java reserved keywords can be used
No space 
Cannot start with numbers, characters
Can us _ or $
Variables are case sensetive

Variables Rules:
	- Instance Variables get default values assigned in case we can simply declare it
	-Local variables will NOT get any default value if it is not assigned compared to Instance Variable.


Objects:
	-objects are created in order to access instance variable
	-objects are created using "new" kyeword
	- the syntax of creating object of class 
	ClassName reference/variable=new ClassName()	
	- Using objects we can have access to instance variables. 
	-Local variable are not accessable outside of local variables only inside of local variables.

	Class is a blueprint for our object.
	Every new object gets a seperate set of attributes (variables).

	Every class has attributes and behavior:
		attributes are variables
		behavior is method

	Method - is a set of commands, that has its own name, and can be called when needed.
	Method - is a block of code which only runs when called.
	Method lives inside of the class
	Method cannot be created inside another method.
	Method must have a name.
	Methods have a scope which we define using culry braces "{}"

	Method OUTPUT:
	The call to the method expects some result:
	   -result can be --void-- I dont expect anythung returned to me
	   -non-void return --> I expect smth to be returned
	   

































